Gp 4509.samplesheetdragen (#3044)
miso-lims/miso-lims: docs/admin/site-configuration.md

### `miso.pools.warning.index.mismatches.message`

Warning label to display for near-duplicate indices. Defaults to "Near-Duplicate Indices" if unspecified.

## Samplesheet Configurations

### `miso.genomeFolder`

The genomeFolder to be used when exporting sample sheets

### `miso.pools.samplesheet.dragenversion`

The version of Illumina DRAGEN to be used when exporting sample sheets

### `miso.pools.samplesheet.NovaSeqXSeries`

> The value that maps to the NovaSeqXSeries instrument

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The instrument model alias that maps to the NovaSeqXSeries instrument
```

### `miso.pools.samplesheet.compressionformat`

> The fastq compression format to be used when exporting Illumina DRAGEN sample sheets. Defaults to "gzip" if unspecified.

Reviewer: List the options
